The statistical analysis presented in section 3 appears to be an
attempt at modeling the 3D velocity differences (\psi) in a subset of
311 co-moving pairs, using a combination of a model that represents
the distribution of velocity differences for real co-moving pairs,
with one that represents the distribution of velocity differences for
randomly selected field stars.

While the model for the distribution of co-moving pairs (P_{co})
appears satisfactory, the model for the distribution of randomly
selected field stars (P_{field}) is not.

Here's the problem:
The subset of 311 co-moving candidates represents
a subset of objects that have been *pre-selected* on the basis of
having similar proper motions (from TGAS). As a result, their
distribution of velocity differences cannot be represented by the 3D
distribution of field stars, because these pairs represent a subset of
objects that *a priori* have motions that are much more similar to
each other than to normal field stars. Effectively, this subset
represent stars that are already known to have motions that are
similar to each other along two components of motion (motion in the
plane of the sky), and thus the only uncertainty that remains is in
the radial velocity direction - in other words, this is a 1D problem,
and not a 3D problem. If you pre-select stars that have identical
transverse motion, then the distribution of velocity differences is
going to be a truncated Gaussian, and not a Maxwellian distribution.

As a result, the modeled probability distribution P_{field} grossly
underestimates the likelihood that two stars from the subset of common
proper motion pairs will have total velocity differences near 0 km/s.

Unfortunately, if that is what was done, the entire analysis in section 3,
as well as the general conclusions of the manuscript, are invalid.

Perhaps I have misunderstood the analysis presented in section
3. If that is the case, then I would urge the authors to present a
revised discussion that would explain more clearly what has been done,
in particular one that would clearly explain how the
simulationaccounts for the fact that we are dealing with a subset of
stars that were initially preselected based on having similar proper
motions, and how this affects the results.

As pointed out in the first report, it is surprising that so many of
these common proper motion pairs (selected from Oh et al. 2017) are
found after these follow-up spectroscopic observations to have
velocity differences >20km/s, especially for the subset of pairs with
separations 1pc-10pc. Remember that these are all common proper motion
pairs, so their 3D motions must be relatively small to begin with;
effectively their velocity differences start with being close to 0km/s
when the radial velocity is not included, and then grows to pretty
large values when the radial velocity data is included. This suggests
a high level of contamination in the sample, from which one could
argue that the majority of pairs with distances 1pc-10pc are in fact
chance aalignment This is a serious concern that must be addressed.

On the other hand, it is clear that of the ~20-25 pairs in the <1pc
subset, the majority of them appear to be confirmed as co-moving
objects. The manuscript should probably focus on these objects. For
pairs with separations >1pc, the present study does not provide
sufficient evidence to identify any of these objects as a probable
co-moving system, and instead appear to suggest that most of them are
chance aalignments This can only be solved with more accurate radial
velocity information.


Other recommended corrections:
==============================

Abstract:
---------

"Of the 311 observed comoving pairs, we confirm 124 comoving pairs
have probabilities 50% with separations as large as 10 pc, our
original search limit."
=>
"Of an initial sample of 311 possible comoving pairs targeted for
follow-up spectroscopy, we identify 124 pairs that have co-moving
probabilities >50% with separations as large as 10 pc, our original
search limit."


"...the number of high-probability pairs per separation decreases..."
=>
"...the number of high-probability pairs per separation unit
decreases..."


"From ~0.5 pc to 10 pc, the number per separation is approximately
uniform..."
=>
"From ~0.5 pc to 10 pc, on the other hand, the number per separation
is approximately uniform..."


"We thus confirm the discovery of a population of comoving..."
=>
"This supports the existence of a population of comoving..."


Section 3:
----------

"...is comoving in 3D velocity given..."
=>
"...is comoving in 3D velocity space given..."
